When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file and upload it to I-Learn.

1. Please provide the URL of your public GitHub repository.
https://github.com/mcfi3rce/Machine-Learning

2. Briefly describe your overall approach to the task and highlight the most difficult part of this assignment.
My overall approach was to take the algorithm from the book and try and apply it to my own code. I had a very difficult time understanding how the fit function in the KNNClass and the KNNClassifier interacted. I understood how the code calculated the nearest neighbors but I couldn't figure out how to set them up together. Also the book had some interesting variable names that I couldn't decipher for a while but luckily, after working together we figured it out. 


3. Briefly describe your process for handling numeric data on different scales (i.e., normalizing).
My code doesn't normalize the numeric data but this isn't required for this week.


4. Describe your results for the Iris data set. (For example, what level of accuracy did you see for different values of K?
I found that for lower k values, from 3 - 5, it is extremely accurate but once you do any more than that it starts to go down. 

5. How did your implementation compare to existing implementations?
It does very well compared to the existing implementation until the k value starts to increase. Then we run into problems. 

6. Describe anything you did to go above and beyond the minimum standard requirements.
I added the option of running another data set and made it so you can implement any number of k-values from the application.
I added a user interface.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

Answer: E

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

I selected "Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements" because I was curious how experimenting with K between
additional datasets would affect my algorithm. This allowed me to experiment expressing my creativity and personality in this
assignment.
