When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file and upload it to I-Learn.

1. Please provide the URL of your public GitHub repository.
https://github.com/mcfi3rce/Machine-Learning

2. What was the most difficult part of this assignment?
The most difficult part was figuring out how to split the Dataframe into arrays and then use the KFolds to split the data. I also had missing spots in my data so that strings were hiding in the data.

3. Briefly describe your process for handling non-numeric data.
For handling non-numeric data I converted the words into values that would represent the descriptions. Such as low -> 0 medium -> 1 etc. I did this for each column because there weren't very many possible values that could be inside each column this made the most sense.

4. Briefly describe your process for missing data.
For missing data I initially tried to have the data be ignored by using a value that wasn't going to appear in the data, such as a -1. This however proved to be a problem and instead I opted to drop any rows with missing data. It lowers the accuracy of my algorithm but it does work. 

5. Describe your results for the Car Evaluation dataset.
The Car evaluation dataset I got an average of 70% as my accuracy. Meaning it can tell with 70% accuracy whether or not a car is a of good quality by comparing it to 3 of the nearest cars and see what their values are. 


6. Describe your results for the Pima Indian dataset.
I had a much harder time with this data set because of the missing values. My algorithm now only can get up to 30% accuracy and I imagine it is because it does the calculation across all data sets equally instead of weighting them.


7. Describe your results for the Automobile MPG dataset.
I was able to clean up the data. But KNN is doesn't do regression very well so my results are useless.

8. Describe anything you did to go above and beyond the minimum standard requirements.
In order to go above and beyond I tested my data with other forms of replacing empty values. I tried leaving the zeroes in, filling them with the average of the column, and dropping them. I found that by dropping the rows that have missing data my algorithm is more accurate. I also added some implementation so that you can run any of the datasets from the main menu.

9. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

E

10. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I would say that I showed creativity in the way that I handled things. I am a stickler for simplicity. I think it is more important that things be done in the simplest way possible and I strove to do that in my code. 

